good day today I want to introduce you
to the sony GX e 1600 portable
battery-operated color video camera this
is a camera that many of you have been
waiting for for some time and we're glad
that we're able to introduce it and
really an excellent version in 1974 the
DX e 1600 utilizes our trina-- con
single tube concept the camera head that
I have in my hand weighs 7 pounds 11
ounces quite like easy to operate and
can be used for an extended period of
time we kept the total camera weight in
the head down to a minimum
including a light weight lens that has a
range of eighteen to one a hundred and
eight millimeter it utilizes the
seamount concept so that if a customer
wants to go into longer lenses or faster
lenses he may in fact do so this lens is
a approximately 2.5 the camera in has
internally five filter positions so that
it can be used with a broad range of
conditions under fluorescent lights for
example under normal tungsten or halogen
type lighting conditions on the cloudy
or sunny day conditions these conditions
as lighting conditions are enumerated on
the back of the color camera so that the
operator can in fact simply flip from
filter to filter as the light conditions
require like our 3400 camera before it
in a black and white version it's quite
similar has a trigger operation which
which engages the video tape recorder
and stops it to in record mode and it
has an indication lamp under this snap
viewfinder to indicate that you are in
fact record position the playback of
course for the viewfinder is in black
and white making that a
one inch color TV tube is something that
we'll introduce later on the CCU for
this camera sits before me and the
controls are quite simple in most
situations the operator will simply set
up white balance these are the two
controls for white balance between red
and blue channels and a small meter
indicated to your right
essentially what the operator does is
that under his existing light condition
outdoors indoors tungsten fluorescent he
will focus on a white cut and move these
two potentiometers until the meter goes
down as far to the left as possible the
other controls on the camera control
unit a pedestal level and chroma level
normally these controls will be preset
and they have a detent stop on them
however if you were using this camera
with other cameras such as our GXE 1200
we offer these controls so that you can
balance two machines the video level can
be either a GC or manually controlled
once again a feature that you may want
for different lighting conditions or use
with one or two cameras we have the
viewfinder monitor output is either
switchable from the video tape recorder
or the camera position here and by
switching this back and forth the
display and the viewfinder of the camera
will show either the video tape recorder
or the actual camera output itself the
internal connections are quite simple we
have a multi connector cable to go
directly to either vo 3800 or our AV
8400 we have the camera cable input we
have an external sync input when you're
using the camera with more than one
device such as the 1200 or two of these
we have a standard coax video output
this DC input gives us the power from
either the AC power supply or from
optional battery DC levels that will be
offered as accessories the battery case
which is located in here and I don't
have one in front of me I'm sorry to say
but fits in here provides one hour of
recording without recharging moving over
this is the AC adapter for the unit the
AC adapter of course can be used as a
battery charger itself and will
externally charge the battery that's in
the camera controlled unit or you can
add a second battery to the outside so
that you can charge to kick two
batteries simultaneously in AC operation
you simply have a power switch on and
off this camera we think will sell a
great deal essentially because of its
simplicity and design the absence of the
two tubes makes setup quite simple and
since it is a portable camera and quite
subject to jarring and moving about
convergence of two tubes or three tube
cameras is really a serious problem with
a one tube concept we have eliminated
that problem in a battery operated
portable camera the device itself will
sell for approximately five thousand
dollars we hope to offer it to you our
dealers in approximately September of
this year we're pushing our Tokyo plant
to see if they can get them out earlier
than that but we are pretty sure that we
will have no difficulty in initial
deliveries in September a low total
production runs will be limited and we
do anticipate a certain backorder
condition which I'm sure that you're
used to if you've been with Sony for
any length of time I would like to
elicit your comments about the camera we
do have a few months before actual
introduction and if you have any ideas
about features of this camera that you
would like to see added later on and
probably even incorporated before we do
get in final production runs please let
me know from here I would like to go on
to show you our new battery-operated
pneumatic which is our vo 3800 on a
separate table